## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 2018-09-10
- Chair: Jesper
- Participants: Jesper, John, Felix, David och Oskar


## Objectives (5 min) 

- Decide future meeting times and chair men.
- We will decide the basic 'design' and game functions.
- Do a small GUI.
- Create user stories


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

This is the first meeting


## Discussion items (35 min)

- We will have meetings on Wednesday 12:00-13:00, Fridays 11:00-12:00 with the TA and 12:00-13:00. The first thing we will do in each meeting is to book rooms. We will also decide next weeks chairman.
- We've a concept file (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NIl7WeYu4tAMQekcdAZwG34ss_kRbImIm0hU9crKP3k/edit) explaining the basics of the game.
- We'll add a assignment to upload a GUI prototype to ./documents/. Right now we're devided on how the GUI will look, it depends on how many requests we can ask google's API. The basic idea is that we can see our location and the treasures on a map in realtime. When we get close to a treasure it will be collected and added to our bag. We will a crafting system where we use our resources
- 

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

- All assisgnments will be up on our trello board (https://trello.com/b/1DMSwIxe/oopp)

## Wrap up

- For the next meeting we will start to discuss the UML-diagram we created. We will discuss future features in the application. We will also follow up on the GUI created.
- We will follow up on the google api

