## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 20180912
- Chair: John
- Participants:


## Objectives (5 min) 

- Resolve any issues preventing the team to continue.
  - Our assignments are clear we have produced a first UML diagramme. and a mockup, none of these have been a problem to produce, we will discuss this further in Reports.

## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
  
 - Felix and Oscar have produced a marvel App as prototype, we all liked the draft of the marvel app and it needs no further     discussion
  
 - John, Jesper , David met and created a draft UML of the domain design. We will discuss this more in the next topic.
  
## Discussion items (35 min)

- We discussed the UML diagramme that we produced. We clarified what we ment by some parts of the UML diagramme and some parts   that we should change.


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)


UML discussion : 
1. We want to change the Itemcontainer class /or interface to be either a interface or a abstract class that has more concrete    sub-classes in order to be able to separate more concrete classes.
    1.1 We did not discuss if this will be done by inherentence or delegation. To be able to decide this we need to have a             more knowledge of the codebase to see what design gives the most benefit.
  

Assignments :
  re-write UML diagramme according to 1: Jesper,
  produce more user stories on trello :
  continue reading up on Google API,
  clone android project on git and test,
  see if we can implement a test-environment: travis CI

## Wrap up

- Look up android architecture patterns for android

