## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: 9
- Date: 21/9
- Chair: Felix first, Oskar second
- Participants: Felix, Jesper, John, David, Oskar


## Objectives (5 min) 

- Last meeting: travis, design model, tests
- UML model
- Tests
- Error regarding travis
- Re-bootstrap app
- Structure on trello

## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Jesper and David has gone through our epics and created user stories with 
  acceptence criteria. They have also broken them down into tasks. 
- David has made some invetigation regarding how to make a popup view (backpack view).

## Discussion items (35 min)

- #MEETING ABRUBTED BY SUPERVISOR MEETING.
- #MEETING CONTINUED (2nd part):
- We have a better collective understanding of how our design model will look like, we will renew the older version
- The domain model will also be updated along with the word list
- Tests will be developed along with implementation
- Travis needs further work so that it runs tests, now it runs but no tests are run.
- Structure on trello will be discussed more in next meeting

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

# Ask Alex: 
- We have to ask Alex about what the correct way to model certain things in our UML model. 
  What classes should have what logic?
- We have a lot of different for our classes (that represent the same thing). We will try to decide a uniform definition of things.These definitions will go into our dictionary.
# Assignments:
- Work with user stories: Oskar & David
- Work with domain model: John & Felix
- Work with design model & word-list: Jesper & John
- All members will work on the model (make some model e.g. Player, Item)

## Wrap up

- We need to discuss further about the trello structure, estimates
- All members need to add acceptance criteria to their respecitve assignments
