## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Grouproom: EG-3506
- Date: 12:00, 15/10 (monday)
- Chair: Felix 
- Participants: Felix, Oskar, Jesper, David, John


## Objectives (5 min) 
- Known bugs
- How to follow the correct pattern.
- Map class/Settings fil
- Unit tests
- Fix map ux
- Marker bug (Dont go to marker when clicked)
- All "global" variables should be edited and viewd from the same place (settings file?)
- Gitinspector, are we up to date?
- Furthur inspection on the mandatory things we have left (RAD, SDD etc..).


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Jesper/Oskar - Refactord to follow our MVP patter. 
- Jesper       - Added functionality in location and collecteble
- Oskar        - Added player functionality in presenter.
- Felix        - Collectables unit test.
- David        - Tied toghether the app. Bug fixing.

## Discussion items (35 min)

- Known bugs
  - We have a few known bugs that affect the entire project.
  
- How to follow the correct pattern.
  - Is it correct to use the "throw exception" that we are currently using?
    Maybe we should use booleans instead or should we creat our own error class that handles everything the way we want?
    
  
- Map class/Settings fil
  - We have to much data in our inital model class, should we refactor this?
  
- Unit tests
  - The unit test for the top model will have its own test file. Might refactor this later.
    We have a few bugs in our app that we are missing tests for.
    Hopefully the tests will highlight where the bugs are.
  
- Fix map ux
  - Move the backpack button. Is the opacity correct? Should we remove streetnames? Should we have outzoom constraints?General fixes, to make it look nice.
  
- Marker bug (Dont go to marker when clicked)
  - Dont get moved to marked when its clicked. And null pointer bugg when "taken".

  
- All "global" variables should be edited and viewd from the same place (settings file)
  - This good idea (look at previous point in meeting).
  
- Gitinspector, are we up to date?
  - We looked at what gitinspector produced

- Furthur inspection on the mandatory things we have left (RAD, SDD, team grading etc..).
  - 
  

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

- Known bugs
  - We went through these toghether.
  
- Map class/Settings fil
  -  Felix will take a look at this.
  
- Unit tests
  -  Everybody will look at this
  
- Fix map ux
  -  This is not prioritised atm, if anyone get time until next meeting.

- Marker bug (Dont go to marker when clicked)
   -  David and Jesper will look at this. 
   
- Gitinspector, are we up to date?
  - We need to distribute "code heavy" tasks to the ones that have fewer lines.
    We need to work togheter to get everyone to about on equal amount of lines.
    Distribute workload to everyone (excluding the previous distributions).
      - First start of app - John
      - Settings popup - Oskar
      - Chest popup - Jesper
      - Unit tester - Everybody
      - Persistence - John 

- Furthur inspection on the mandatory things we have left (RAD, SDD etc..).
  - We will all need to write our user storys in the SDD (work individually , minimum 3h, on the SDD).
    RAD will be looked at if we have time. 
    We need an author on each class
    More code comments.


## Wrap up

- Gitinspector dont work for co-commits (Ask alex)
- Create the template for next meeting (time and place)
