## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: monday 22 10 19 - 12.00
- Chair: Jesper.
- Participants: Everybody
- Location: EG 3503


## Objectives (5 min) 
- Presentation
- Peer review
- Project overview


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
- Everyone has worked with the rad and sdd.
- Felix has fixed a 3rd party lib to see dependencies in a graph for android. Felix has also looked over the code and refactored where it was need. 
- Oskar has mainly worked with the SDD, travis and refactoring. Oskar has updated the domain diagram aswell as a MVP diagram/overview
- David has produced some code and refactored. David has also created a sequence diagram
- Jesper has rewritted the store and made some UI differences. Also worked with refactoring and dependencies.
- John has worked with the login/start up page.

## Discussion items (35 min)
### Presentation
#### Flow for presentation
````````
Game
John will show the logo and talk about tp, how its a geo catching game by gathering resources
John will talk about interaction radius and that a player has to move around

DEMO
If we can manipulate locations we will hard code items, otherwise we will use godmode
Login/startup? If not done change username
Go to neareast items, pick up until backpack is full (3 slots)
Store items in chest to get player score
Use up some score at store to increase backpack to 6 slots.

Vision
John will talk about how the game was suppose to be a multiplayer game
John will talk about how seasons worked and high score at the end of the season...


Oskar will show the MVP picture and talk briefly about MVP and how we have used it.
David will show the sequence diagram and a example of how its used
Felix will open rushkinoff and talk about how our code represents MVP
Jesper will talk about our implemntation of wrappers in our Location
```````` 

#### Peer review
We will decide a day to work with this when we get the code. Each of us will spend 1-2 hours reading the code, sdd and rad. After that we will spend 2 hours together and create a peer review. 

#### Project overview
John will merge startpage into master. Oskar will write some tests and comment confusing code. We will not add any more functions. We **might** look over the UX.


## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Everyone will spend 1-2 hours reading the other groups project, sdd and rad.
- We will sit down and create a peer review
- We will create a presentation
- John will update the design model


## Wrap up
Vem är den tänka publiken för presentationen?

