## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 2018-10-11
- Time: 12:00
- Room: EG-5205
- Chair: Oskar
- Participants: David, Felix, Jesper, John


## Objectives (5 min) 
- Can we obtain 1000 rows each?
- Distribute work to members
- Look at trello board


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Jesper and Oskar has worked on the SDD
- Felix & David fixed a bugs in location.
- David refactored in the mappresenter into the TPpresenter and fixed so that the app is locked to portrait view.
- John has refactored android functionality from the model. Helped with the refactoring to one presenter. Work with backpack.
- Oskar has started working with a settings view and cleaned up some code.


## Discussion items (35 min)
### Distribute work to members:
- Look at states and having different behaviour. John
- A login screen (first time choose name/avatar). John
- Further work with spawning items. Felix 
- Cache and data persistent, so that progress is saved. All
- Settings file for model. Jesper
- Further work with user location fetched from google maps. David
- Settings screen. Oskar
- A funny loading screen. David

#### Extras:
- Pickup collectible to backpack.
- Change images in assets. 
- Work with SDD

### Trello:
- Each member is responsible to tell the group what they do and define or take an appropriate user story with acceptance criterias along with it.

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

- We have come up with some new work and distributed it to members so that we can come close to reaching enough code contribution. All members define their user stories as they go.


## Wrap up

- Speak with Alex about minimum code contribution.
- Decide a time and location for next meeting.
