## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: 9
- Date: 18/9
- Chair: Oskar
- Participants: Felix, Jesper, John, David, Oskar


## Objectives (5 min) 

- Discuss changes to domain diagramme.
- Discuss design model, how to extend the current model.
- Discuss api-key
- Discuss tests and user stories
- Travis
- Share knowledge about android


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Felix, John has looked further into the google api.
- All members has done a sperate UML model each, and then we collectively made the final one based on these.
- Oskar has made the travis runnable on github and made a picture from a Marvel printscreen summarizing the game.
- David has practised on JUnit.
- John has looked into android native development.

## Discussion items and assignments (40 min)

- Domain diagram & design model: Both of these needs group discussion. We will make user stories and 
work individually and then have another discussion and wrap up.
- Api-keys: Felix will fix .gitignore file for api-keys and credentials.
- Tests & user stories: Add purpose and acceptance criteria to User Stories. Add more and adjust others. 
We will work on tests simultaneously, deadline friday.
- Travis: It runs. There might be a problem with our recursive foldering, need to look into why travis 
is not running tests. Try to add cd /MapTestApp/app instead of cd /MapTestApp/ to .travis.yml.
- Android: Find videos/guides and share valuable information about code standards.

## Wrap up
- Discuss velocities and tests with Alex
- We need to discuss how to structure Trello (upcoming meeting)
- Next meeting: Travis, design model, tests
