## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: skyriders
- Date: 20180928
- Chair: Jesper
- Participants: Jesper, Felix, David, John, Oskar


## Objectives (5 min)
- Discuss model- event communication slides from the last lecture (John).
- How to view the map
- Check the commited code
- Trello and new assignments
- Discuss what to prioritize in the project to get a playable app

from previous meeting: 


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Jesper has started to write locations
- Felix has created a map and fixed it to chalmers
- David has wrapped the map in a android fragment, and created some UI related to the backpack.


## Discussion items (35 min)

- We decided that the map should be contained to a certain area (for example gothenburg inner city). The area outside of the map should have a grey opacity appended on it. We need to discuss further if a user should be allowed to freely zoom on the map.
- The commited code is a work in progress, can't discuss it further. Will pick it up again during the next meeting
- Added assignment 'add styleguide to the project'
- Added assignments to get a mininal playable project. A player should be able to walk around and interact with static placed
item on the map. The player should be able to collect the item into his/her backpack.
- Add assignment to create/update SDD and RAD documents.

## Wrap up
- discuss model- event communication slides from the last lecture (John).
- Write down any unresolved issues for next meeting. 
- Decide a time and location for next meeting.
