## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 05/10-18
- Time: 11.30
- Place M1 222 (Maskinhuset)
- Chair: Felix
- Participants: Felix, John, David, Jesper, Oskar


## Objectives (5 min) 
- How to test on a class level. (perhaps test on model level).
- SDD
- Code standard 


## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

- Felix: We now have a functioning map according to what has been described in earlier meetings. 
- Felix and Oskar: Starting to refactor map so it fits with the MVP pattern.
- Jesper and Oskar: Completed RAD. 
- Jesper: Finnished Collactable Item and completed tests for it aswell.
- Oskar: Starting to implement a structure for our new interpretation of the MVP pattern.
- John: Starting to refactor previous code.
- David: Refacotr backpack to MVP pattern.

## Discussion items (35 min)

- How to test on a class level. (perhaps test on model level).
  * Refactor our tests so that we focus our tests "towards" our presenters.
    Only test the functionality that the presenter can "reach". (public methods).
    (Discuss this with Alex).
  
- SDD
  * Try to finnish a draft untill next week. Re-work some of our definitions in it(remove 
    season).
  
- Code standard
  * Discuss how we will implement the MVP patter. 

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

- Jesper, John and Felix will look at the RAD on sunday
- We have decided on an MVP implementation. The reasoning is: its better to have something 
  than to, not, have something perfect.
- Jesper: More functionallity in treasurepleasure model.
- David: Refactor backpack. And testing.
- Felix: Try to complete map.

## Wrap up
- How to build our tests (Alex).
- Decide a time and location for next meeting.
