## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 20180914
- Chair: John
- Participants: John, Felix, David , Oskar, Jesper


## Objectives (5 min) 

* We will talk about how we can change our domain model and who to do it.
  Right now it is to technical and we want to make it more abstract to be able to show it to a product owner or investor.
* We want to add syllabus to the RAD document.
* We want to update the user stories: have fields of why it should be implemented.
   

## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

David : uploaded the hello-world app to GIT.
Oskar :  initilized the syllabus in the RAD document.

We have all been looking into the Android-google map API.

## Discussion items (35 min)

Meeting protocol: 
  * after meeting with Alex: we will be more clear with who have done what in our meeting protocols.
  * Our RAD-document will be a md file that will be handled by GIT.
      - We will add a meeting point that we should review our RAD once a week on a meeting.(which meeting TBA)


Potential issues :
* Domain model diagramme
    - As stated before we have been to technical with the diagramme, we are going to abstract this further to be able to be         able to describe our domain model on a high level. We are going to find the modules we want to describe, add the               correct name, and update those anmes it to our RAD syllabus.
  
* Update user stories:
    - We want to add our user stories to our RAD, so the TA's can see our progress.
    - We want to add a purpose to our user stories, in order to expain why it should be done to a product owner / investor
    - We are going to add weight on our user stories, in order to see how big the task is, practice estimation and so the TA's      easily can see how much work that have been put to each issue.

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)

* Each person should re-model a domain diagramme during the weekend.
    - We will model it from our current (too technical) UML diagramme.
    - we will meet on monday to discuss what of our proposals to use on the      
      seminar.
      
      
*  trello cards/user-stories to add from meeting.
    - redesign domain model.
    - Add RAD document to meeting.
    - Potential / suggested user stories has been added and will be further developed.
    - Add printscreens from our MarvelApp -> our RAD documents.
   
   
## Wrap up

- We still have to decide design architecture, (not relevant now, but when we start to code) 
- Booked 5207 wednesday, friday next week.

- Oskar is to be the next chairman. yeboi


