## Veckoplanering
1. Bestäm projekt, preliminärt GUI, user stories, prototypning, samt workshop Maven/Git
2. Domänmodell, mer prototypning, samt workshop JUnit/Travis
3. Designmodell (torrköra User Stories m.h.a. design modell); körbar (ev. i form av tester bara)
4. Design, MVC
5. Mer design, servicess hantering av resurser
6. Bygga på mer funktionalitet, tester, kvalitetsverktyg, dokumentation
7. (samma som 6.)
8. (samma som 6.)
9. Redovisning

# Meeting Agenda

- Group: Skyriders
- Date: 2018-10-09
- Time: 12:00
- Room: EG-5207
- Chair: David
- Participants: David, Felix, Jesper, Oskar, John


## Objectives (5 min) 
- Project scope.
- How presenter recieves the model.
- Documentation of code. 
- SDD

## Reports (15 min) from previous meeting
- Jesper has been working on SDD and working with tests.
- David has wired up the project in Oskars new refactored frame work, and worked on backpack.
- Felix has been working on the map and written tests.
- Has been working with locations, collectables and upgrade center.
- Has been working on chest and tried to refactor android stuff outside of model. 

## Discussion items (35 min)

- Project scope. To reach a working product on time, our goal is to have a working app including:
  * Show player location on a map
  * Place randomly located items on map.
  * Pick up items.
  * Put them in chest.
  
- We have discussed how to pass the model around and decided to use a single presenter.
- Documentation of code has been discussed for congruency.
- SDD who will do what has been discussed. 

## Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Find out why map is not working.
  * Felix will look into it
- Move functionality into single presenter. 
  * John and David will look into it.
- SDD document
   * Jesper will take a look at sdd. 
- Oskar will work on a pop up settings menu. 

## Wrap up 
- Decide a time and location for next meeting.
